# ClientServerPortfolio

### How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
The way that you write programs that are maintainable, readble, and adapatable is by making sure the code is clean and uses functions and methods rather then hard coding. This allows the developer to change the function/method one time rather then changing the entire program. The advantages of working in a clean adapatable way is the ability to add on. In project one we created a basic CRUD module which we used in project two and built off of it. This made it easy for the project to be completed quickly and efficiently. 

### How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
The way that I approach problems as a computer scientist is by reading. When I get a problem with my code, I find where the error is and I read into it. Doing this makes sure that I understand why I am getting an error and allows me to avoid making this mistake in the future. In other courses I mainly had to read the documentation which is what I had to do in this course as well. 

### What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
Computer scientists are problem solvers whose main goal is to solve the customers needs. This matters because without customers having problems that need to be solved, there would be no computer scientists. My work on this project would help a company better their work by including a way to make a fast and efficient program that also has a user interface for the user. 
